[Add-ins] (Angular) Nullify certain window.history APIs for IE compatibility (#2655)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/add-ins-with-angular2.md

---
title: Develop Office Add-ins with Angular

> description: 'Get guidance for using Angular to create an Office Add-in as a single page application.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Use Angular to create an Office Add-in as a single page application.'
```

This article provides guidance for using Angular 2+ to create an Office Add-in as a single page application.

> [!NOTE]

> > Do you have something to contribute based on your experience using Angular to create Office Add-ins? You can contribute to this article in [GitHub](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr) or provide your feedback by submitting an [issue](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr/issues) in the repo.

Reviewer: Can you update the link to "this article" to actually link to this article instead of just the repo? This could potentially be an accessibility issue. Also, should you do that, the link should include [this article in GitHub]

export class AppRoutingModule { }
```

## Consider wrapping Fabric components with Angular components

> We recommend using [UI Fabric](https://developer.microsoft.com/fabric#) styling in your add-in. UI Fabric for the web is available in two flavors:

Reviewer: Fabric is deprecated. This link redirects to Fluent UI. This section should be rewritten because Fabric is now out of support.

Reviewer 2: Actually, let's remove all references to Fabric or Fluent from this article. Fluent UI is React-based and we don't want to encourage people to mix React with Angular.

> - [Fabric React](https://developer.microsoft.com/fabric#/controls/web) provides robust, up-to-date, accessible components that are highly customizable.

Reviewer: This link redirects to Fluent UI

> - [Fabric Core](https://developer.microsoft.com/fabric#/styles/web) is a collection of CSS classes and Sass mixins that give you access to Fabric's colors, animations, fonts, icons and grid.

Reviewer: This link redirects to Fluent UI

> Consider using Fabric components in your add-in by wrapping them in Angular components. For an example that shows you how to do this, see [Word Style Checking Add-in Built on Angular](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Word-Add-in-Angular2-StyleChecker). Note, for example, how the Angular component defined in [fabric.textfield.wrapper](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Word-Add-in-Angular2-StyleChecker/blob/master/app/shared/office-fabric-component-wrappers/fabric.textfield.wrapper.component.ts) imports the Fabric file TextField.ts, where the Fabric component is defined.

Reviewer: Change to Fluent components?

## Using the Office dialog API with Angular

> The Office Add-in dialog API enables your add-in to open a page in a non-modal dialog box that can exchange information with the main page, which is typically in a task pane.

Reviewer 2: I think "nonmodal" is correct. English doesn't put a hyphen after a prefix except in special circumstances when necessary to avoid confusion.

Reviewer: Ricky is correct! Plus, it's in the styleguide:
**non- (Microsoft Writing Style Guide)**
Don't hyphenate words beginning with non-, such as nonnumeric and nonzero, unless a hyphen is necessary to avoid confusion, as in non-native, or non- is followed by a proper noun, as in non-English. When in doubt, check [The American Heritage Dictionary](https://ahdictionary.com/) or consult your group's editorial style guide.

Don't use non- to negate an entire phrase.

_Example_
unrelated to security (instead of non-security related)
To learn more about hyphenation, see [Hyphens](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=28765).

> [!NOTE]
> To learn more about the Angular Ahead-of-Time (AOT) compiler, see the [official guide](https://angular.io/guide/aot-compiler).

## Support Internet Explorer if you're dynamically loading Office.js

> Based on the Windows version and the Office desktop client where your add-in is running, your add-in may be using Internet Explorer 11. (For more details, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).) Angular depends on a few `window.history` APIs but these APIs don't work in the IE runtime embedded in Windows desktop clients. When these APIs don't work, your add-in may not work properly, for example, loads a blank task pane. To mitigate this, Office.js nullifies those APIs. However, if you're dynamically loading Office.js, AngularJS may load before Office.js. In that case, you should disable the `window.history` APIs by adding the following code to your add-in's **index.html** page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Based on the Windows version and the Office desktop client where your add-in is running, your add-in may be using Internet Explorer 11. (For more details, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).) Angular depends on a few `window.history` APIs but these APIs don't work in the IE runtime embedded in Windows desktop clients. When these APIs don't work, your add-in may not work properly, for example, it may load a blank task pane. To mitigate this, Office.js nullifies those APIs. However, if you're dynamically loading Office.js, AngularJS may load before Office.js. In that case, you should disable the `window.history` APIs by adding the following code to your add-in's **index.html** page.
```
